Document modules for supporting Wayland more clearly (#146)
ActivityWatch/docs: src/getting-started.rst

      .. note::
         Getting it to F-droid is a work-in-progress, see `this PR <https://gitlab.com/fdroid/fdroiddata/-/merge_requests/5502>`_.

   .. group-tab:: Source

>       If you prefer to build ActivityWatch from source, check out :doc:`this guide <installing-from-source>` instead.

Reviewer: Very nice

.. note::
   If you are running GNOME 3 or another desktop environment that does not support system trays, or if for some reason Qt can't be used on your machine, read `Running on GNOME`.

.. note::

>    If your Linux system is using Wayland rather than X11, the default watchers will not work. Read :ref:`window and idle watchers for Wayland<wayland-watchers>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If your Linux system is using Wayland rather than X11, the default watchers will not work. See :ref:`window watchers <window-watchers>`.
```

Author: Thanks!
